Well, good evening family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining me again
tonight. We're going to pray and
go over some things that
we've seen in the news today
to
go along with what we're going
to pray about. Braden has some
articles and stuff he found. He likes
to look at all the news and see what's
going on in the day, what
I'm seeing prophetically, and what goes
with the news. He says, 'Dad, look
at this. Yeah, look at
this.'First
off, I want to start with this.
Did you all know that we had a 5.4
earthquake hit right outside of where I
told you the earthquake would be by
Portland, Oregon, and the ocean
there? Can you show them
a picture?
We had that
yesterday.
The activity is ticking up
again. I just think it's interesting
because every single time it's right
there. It's right where I saw it.
That's where the tsunami wave comes in
and goes clear inland, washing
and destroying
so much stuff.
It's right there. I just thought, isn't
that amazing? Again, we have it, and
it's in the water.
Then I want to show you this. I
thought this was pretty cool. Diana
found me this book. She paid
$3 for it. I'm not trying
to promote books, y'all; I just tell you
things that I feel will help you,
things that we're reading as a
family. They are short little pocket
reads because I like things that we can look
over real quick. We're going over
the authority of the believer during this Halloween time and all
that's going on in this earth.
Sister Billye Brim has a book, a little
pocket read, $3 on her website.
It's 'The Authority of the
Believer and How to Use
It.'I'd
buy a whole
bunch of them if
we
could
to give to family or friends because
you need to know how to
use your authority. Sister Billye Brim
sits in her seat of authority every
single day, as do I, my wife,
my son, and my daughters. We believe in
the power and the authority of the
believer. We'll read it together
and
go over some of this.
We have a
lot going on today, so I'm getting
around late, but Diana is busy
doing things for us.
She's a hard worker. I told her,
'I want you to come on and
go over some of this stuff about
the authority of the believer, taking
scriptures that apply to our protection
and using them as a weapon
against the devil.'It's the Word. You
must know the Word in these last days,
not just what somebody says. As much as
I love her, it's the Word. It is a
pillar and stands alone. Regardless
of someone's opinion, you pray the
opinion lines up with the Word, and this
does. Finding scriptures that
pertain to what you're believing for
guides you.
I wanted her to read some of
it, but she's busy.
I can do it,
but
I don't want to make
her
join. Real quick, I
wanted to get this before everybody
goes
to bed. We have to
pray over our government and
what the Lord is showing me in the
spirit.
I want to show you one clip that a
senator said today that is very
alarming. This is what I'm telling you
all we're dealing with when we're
praying. Go ahead and play
that short clip about this
senator and what he said.
Now I want to show you what JD
Vance says. Vice
President JD Vance
said
they're hoping for five people.
When we were
in the spirit
Tuesday night, the Lord showed us
it was by a thread. He said
you're praying into it on Friday,
and
there were seven people
whose
hearts could change.
He gave us the number. He says, 'We need
five for
the seven.'He
said,
'If you give me this prayer time, if you
just push through right now for the
seven people that
have this soft heart towards the
Republicans
trying to help people,
if you push into that right now
in the late midnight hour
on October 31st, we could get this
flipped.'Now,
I told you I saw a major uprising,
people rioting and pillaging.
I've seen it all
today as I've been driving around
praying in the spirit over our
nation. The Lord said I
saw
a 24-hour window.
I
saw
in
this
window that
this darkness
would cause so much chaos
and havoc in this nation that it
would bring people to the table
because they don't realize
they're playing with fire.
As I was
praying into this, I
saw 15 and I was looking at the zeros.
I'm sorry, I'm terrible
at math, but there's a $15 million
slush fund in
what I was praying over concerning our
government with money going to Ukraine
and
pet
projects. I saw it was the same kind of
thing that was going on with
Fauci
and
labs. I didn't
realize that major chemical
warfare labs are in Ukraine. That's
where a lot of biological
labs are.
The Lord showed me
evil
governmental interests that they are
trying to fund, pushing for certain
things
and
slush funds.
The Lord said, 'Do you see the
evil behind this? This is what
you're combating.'As you see these
people,
if they vote a certain way, they're
getting pressure from these elites
saying, 'We're not going to
fund your campaign anymore.
In 2026, if
you don't do what we tell you,
we're going to make sure you don't get
reelected.'So,
out of panic, like Schumer and all
these other people, they start to
freak out.
He
only had
$174,000
donated to his campaign over the last month. AOC had over $4
million.
AOC,
the one who's
nuts—$4
million was donated to her campaign
and $170,000 to Schumer. So,
he has to be
the bulldog because he knows he's
about to lose his job.
It's all political
games and theater. Then I
thought another thing was interesting
because Braden found that Alex
Jones talked about the hit list. He even
knew
the
order of the list and who was on it,
saying
some of
the names were worth a million dollars a
piece. He even said his own name was worth a
million dollars.
And then that one guy,
Flynn, General Flynn,
was worth a million bucks on that
list. I didn't even see
General Flynn's name on it. But he
brought the list up on his show and
Braden saw it and said, "Daddy, look,
you're the list you're talking about,
you're seeing in the spirit."Alex Jones
knows about the list. And I even
told you all as I was praying to it
yesterday, I sit at the floor. I sit
there and I talk to the Lord about when
he said, "I will spare Alex
Jones."And
as his life is spared by an event, I
want you to listen to this. He said, "An
event will take place
similar to Charlie
Kirk's."And
he said when this event happens, he
would spare his life. Now why? I don't
know. I don't question the father. I
just hear what he says. But he said
when this event takes place, he,
Alex
Jones, will become a type of a John
the Baptist in this last generation.
That he would be so radically changed
by the hand of the Lord on his life.
Even more so that this whatever this is,
whatever we're praying against, praying
for his safety, praying for these things
that I saw a great shaking to awaken
coming to the church,
but concerning individuals, God said,
I'm going to get their attention.
I'm going to get their attention. Now, I
don't know what that means. I'm going to
get their attention. Whether it's a on
the road to Damascus kind of an
experience, you're riding your horse
down the road or your car down the road
and a light shines and they see
and they go blind or whatever, I
don't know. And the prophet prays
for them and the power of God heals
them. I don't know. But the Lord said,
"I'm going to get their
attention."And
when this happens, they'll become a
louder voice than most. Do
you understand? A shaking to awaken.
Now, am I prophesying doom and gloom on
this man? I don't know him. I've been on
his program twice. But I want to say
this. The Lord said I'm going to use
certain individuals who have a platform
for me for my glory in the last days. So
whatever that means, I don't know. I'm
not trying to say there's a
hit on his life. I
don't know. I see in part. I
hear in part. I want you to hear me. I
see in part. I hear in part. But the
Lord says, "I'm going to use Alex Jones
greatly in the days
ahead."That's
what he said to me.
Where's he at right now with the Lord? I
have no idea. But the Lord said he would
become like a John the Baptist in the
days ahead with a loud voice. Is he
corrupt now? I don't know. Is he a foul
man? I don't know.
But I know that God can do anything. God
can take the hardest of hearts. God
can take the people that you wouldn't
even want to sit down socially and have
a tea with and go,
"You're going to use
them?"Yeah.
Okay. Well, who am I to say?
All I do is say, "God,
you are awesome and you can use
anybody."But
if he sees something in
Alex, then that means we're to pray for
him. Tucker Carlson. He's only brought
him up once, but he specifically
says he will become you. You know,
somebody who has a backbone like a
crowbar that is not afraid to say
anything really socially.
Somebody that has really no filter
publicly behind a camera. There's no
fear. And I look at that man as
almost like a loose wire, like a
loose cannon. You look at him and go,
"What? You don't know what he's
going to say."He's just bold as
all get out when it comes to politics
and things. And I really believe
that's what it's going
to take is people that are radical in
these
last days saying radical things for
Jesus Christ. And if God can do that
with maybe a Mel Gibson and he says, "I'm
going to use Mel Gibson. I'm going to
use these people. I'll use a Donald
Trump. I'll use a man that's a
businessman and make him into a
politician and then make him into a
radical Christian that is going to
be something huge in these last days."And as
he drops the f-bomb all the time on TV
and you go, "I know what you said and what
I've heard you
say
and what I've seen in visions doesn't
line up so far yet
but there's a road to Damascus
experience."There's
a road. There is a
supernatural experience that all it
takes is just a one moment with Jesus
that will change you forever. No matter
how dirty, how hard, how corrupt,
how vile somebody may be. All it takes
is one moment with Jesus and it'll
change your life forever. So, who am I
to ever say, "God, you said this.
Well, how are you going to do
that?"Who
am I to ever say that?
Because if he can use me, he can use
them. I'm telling you, even
with what I've dealt with, but he
still uses me. He says,
Brandon, come on, do a prayer video.
Not that I'm vile, but I'm
just trying to say I'm never going to
put my life up to somebody else and
say, "Well, I'm better."That's stupid.
You know what I'm saying? There's so
many people that try to do that kind of
stuff. But as I was driving around
today, this is where I'm going to now.
That was yesterday. This is what
I've been praying over. Praying over our
government, praying over people that
they'll use wisdom and
not riot and steal and act crazy. I
know what I've seen coming.
I know I've seen a shaking coming. Can
we stop it? The Lord's talking about a
24-hour window.
I believe we will see
them not pass this. I believe in the
natural we won't see anything until
Monday or whatever that there will be a
window of craziness.
That's just me.
Now,
the Lord said to me today as I was
driving,
he—the
way our conversation went
today—it's
those precious talks and those
precious moments
that forever change you when you see
that side of the Father
in the spirit when you're praying.
It's those precious moments
when you see
the such realness,
you know,
he lets that guard down
as a father and just talks to you as a
friend.
And you're asking,
"How are you today?"Well, he's God. Of
course, he's good. You know what I'm
saying? He's God. But you ask the
questions that are personable.
And like I said, when you get real with
God, God becomes real to you, but it's
bigger because of how he responded
back.
And he said, "Brandon,
you know the my word says the eyes of
the Lord are running to and fro
throughout the whole earth looking for a
heart who's perfect towards him. Looking
for somebody
so I can
show myself strong in their
behalf,
right?"And
he said, "The depth of
that verse is I'm looking for a
friend.
And he says, I look upon the
whole earth
so that I could show myself strong in
the behalf of those that
have
hearts that are perfect towards me. I'm looking
for somebody, Brandon.
But if you just dissect that, what I'm
really looking for, I'm looking for a
friend.
And he said, "Abraham was a friend,
Brandon.
He was a friend to me.
I could go and talk to him and we would
talk about things and he was just a
friend.
And I'm looking
right now. I'm looking throughout
the whole world looking for just a
friend.
Are you a friend of
God?"He
said, "But there's so many of my
children that they come to me all the
time with all their projects,
all their thoughts of what they
want
and it's not
that we don't want to come to him,
but how you do it and how you pursue him
is not by material gain or by your
request.
Make your request known to God. But how
you're a friend to him, how you seek
him, how you find him, it was like a
friend."It
was like the way he was
describing it to me. He said, "Brandon,
my heart knows what you need before you
even ask for it. I know everything
that you ever need, son,
but it's the heart that I'm looking at
in you. I'm looking at in my
children."He
said, "I've already warned you
that I'm not going to yell about the
secret things concerning investments and
concerning what's coming."He
said, Abraham,
I came and told him
that Sodom and Gomorrah was going to be
judged because he was my friend.
And I don't do anything in the earth
unless I reveal it to the prophetic
voices first.
But there is a place of intimacy
that I will share everything with you
just because you're my friend
of what's coming.
But I can see
through
the motive of the heart, the intent of
the heart. Why are you doing this?
Even before you think it.
And he said, I'm looking for a
friend.
I'm looking for somebody to talk to.
For the eyes of the Lord, he said, are
running to and fro throughout the whole
earth,
looking for a heart who's perfect toward
him,
that just wants to be my friend.
No agenda,
no preconceived
notions.
You're God. If I ask God, you have
everything.
I just want to have an iced tea with
you. I just want to talk with you and
have a coffee. I miss you. How are you
doing today?
I know you're perfect and you
don't lack anything. You don't want
anything,
but you want my heart and you want
companionship.
And you want a child that has no agenda.
Daddy, can I have the keys to the
car?
Can I have what's in your bank account?
Can we just go fishing?
Can we just
go out and sit by the river,
the stream, the
pond, the lake, whatever? I love to go
by moving water and just sit by things
for hours and
look at the water, the ducks, the deer,
whatever,
and
have that
fellowship with you.
As I was driving today
out in the country and I was
looking at the leaves starting
to change here and the field was
wet because we've gotten so much
rain, you could see the water.
As I was driving,
I could feel the tug of the spirit of
God of that friendship and that
compassion
that was wounded
not by me
but by the children that are just so
blinded
of his coming.
It felt wounded. Not saying that he was
wounded, but his heart
was longing for a relationship and
intimacy with his
creation, with us.
And he said, So many of my kids don't
realize where we are.
So many of my kids don't realize that
they're the lot.
And I will not yell.
I'll come and fellowship with you and
tell you what's coming. And he said,
Brandon, I'll tell you and you can tell
them because they don't talk to me.
I'll share with you, son, and you can go
tell them on that live
stream what's about to take place.
But they do exactly what they did to me
all the time with the children of
Israel.
They sent Moses up the mountain.
I wanted to fellowship with all of
them. I said, Bring my children
unto me that they may worship me. They
come to the mountain, but they were
afraid. And they sent Moses up.
He said, Brandon,
I'll allow you to go and tell the people
what's coming. But because they
are
so busy with their lives, they
so distracted, they
don't realize
the seriousness of the hour and where we
are in the signs of the times
of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
They don't realize there's a great
shaking that's about to take place
throughout the world that's going to
wake everybody up.
Their hearts are hard. Their hearts are
far from me. He said, Many of their
hearts are so hardened and so far from
me.
They're not a friend.
They have an agenda every
single time. Not just fellowship, not
just intimacy.
And I felt the heaviness of his heart as
he said it.
And
he said, Even some correction
towards me. And he says, As
these things go, I've even seen you
slip a little,
but I'm asking you to correct it today.
I said, I'm sorry.
The pressure of things gets me
and I lose myself with all
of the pressure from the people
and it's a distraction.
Social media, TikTok, these
people, the opinions of you're a racist
and I'm not. He said, Brandon, if you
are racist, do you think I'd have you
where you are?
Do you really think I'd let you talk
to this many people like this?
Bringing them to prayer is intimacy.
Teaching them my heart is intimacy.
This is the largest prayer
channel in the world
for what I see because I have eight
other channels and they all pray just
like this. He said, I
want you to bring my people. I want you
to teach them the intimacy.
They can have it. I want them to
have it. I'm looking for a friend.
I said, Lord, even with all I
have, I have not been a true friend some
days. I'm sorry.
I've not truly been a true friend and I
do my best. My
daughter,
Paisley, came to me. She goes,
Daddy, she was weeping in the back as
he spoke because I was repeating
everything he was saying
and my family was weeping because the
presence of the Lord filled our car
because we could feel it. Could you feel it?
It
was intense.
I want somebody else to say
something. That's why I asked him. I
know we could. I saw his face. He was
crying, too.
But it's not just me saying it for them.
There was
a presence in the car today that I've
never been familiar with
like that.
A wounded
presence.
It felt heavy
as we're going into a month right now,
tomorrow. And I thought it was
interesting because it was about
Halloween.
So many of the church,
so many of his people celebrate the
devil on that day and he looks at it as
blasphemous.
The intimacy was
And it was like this.
I heard he said, I want you to pay
attention to what Billy Burke said at
his service.
Billy Burke says, I have a special pen
just to write out my tithe check because
it is holy and set apart.
I take that pen and I don't use it for
anything else other than to write my
tithe or my offerings to God because
it's separate and set apart.
Everything I do, I try to make something
separate and set apart for him. Even to
an ink pen that's designated to write my
tithe checks and my offering when I give
it to a church or whatever God's
instructing me to give, I won't write it
by any other ink pen because it's holy.
Boy, that challenged me.
And then he said this. He said, There's
so many of you all that want a
move of God in your sanctuary, and you
want God to visit there, but your
sanctuary is not set apart and holy unto
him at all. You play secular
music. You've got Halloween decorations
or Halloween harvest. You're playing,
doing things, but you want the move of
God in your church
and you want him to visit a place. And
he is a holy God
that deserves to be reverenced
and honored above everything else to
the point that the Ark of the Covenant,
if they touched it, they would die
instantaneously
because he's a holy God
and you're only pure
by his blood. Jesus Christ made
you that way.
But we have a place that we call a place
of worship that he comes and this is set
apart unto him.
And yet we let the money
changers, we let the whatever it's a
place of not holiness. It's a place,
yeah, we're set apart and we're
templar there, but there's a place
that's designated for him.
It's a place that's set apart for him.
I have a room in my house that's
his.
It's a main little corner right here. I
pray I try to and there's
actually portals that come as you pray
in that place all the time. You
intercede and you pray and you pray.
I create thing by prayer interceding and
even Perry Stone and these others talk about
certain places in church you can
feel the glory in those spots
and you may think, Oh
Brandon, that's way out there, I'm telling
you try it, he'll meet you at that place.
Now I talk to him all
throughout the day but the
last one is on the porch. You sit out on
the porch in the rocking chair
at the creek. It's a place that is yours
and his alone. A closet
wherever it says, "God, I love you and I
just want to talk to you
today."Your
war room.
But as I fellowshipped with him
today and we talked and we drove around,
I was challenged
as he said, "It's time to come up
higher;
it's time to come up higher with the
fire.
It's time for more intimacy with the
Father."He
longs for a relationship with you
more than you want one with him. I could
feel it today as the people were getting
ready to celebrate Halloween and have
their trick-or-treat,
trunk-or-treat,
whatever they were doing. Most
people did it on
Sunday, but I'm trying to
really bring it home to you
that
God
is
a holy God
and he is worthy of all our praise.
But he said to me,
"A lot of you don't know what's about to
take place."The shaking
that's
about to take place is to bring you
close to him.
He said, "But Brandon, I'll come and
tell you
to warn the people because I'm a
passionate God, a God full of
mercy. But if they don't draw nigh to me
and they don't hear, I'm not going to
yell
what's coming."A shaking
to awaken is coming, and many of you
will be caught off guard;
hopefully you have people
interceding for you like Abraham
interceded for Lot.
You could be in the city and not even
realize what's coming.
When I was in the spirit and I
prayed this last video, I saw a flash.
I heard
"Imagine"by
John Lennon.
People like, "Brandon, do you listen to
secular music?"I wasn't talking about
that; I was talking about a moment
at New Year's Eve in Times Square.
People get so off on weird stuff. I was
like, "Come on, folks. It's a
vision."I
saw a flash of
light and people were screaming. I
saw the two men
on CNN
having their thing and then all of a
sudden a flash of light.
Women and men were screaming and they
were trampling.
I don't know what it was, but the Lord
said, "Pray."I'm not going
to add to or take away from anything
I was seeing, but I'll tell you
exactly: it was a flash of light
and it was hot;
I could feel the heat. I didn't say
everything because I'm on live stream
and I try to be very cautious until I
pray over what I bring to you.
But it was in a building;
it wasn't out in the public.
I saw into the side of a
building,
and as it was getting ready
for
the countdown of that thing to come down, I
felt heat,
I saw light, and it was blinding.
And people said that was the glory. Come
on now.
As they're singing John Lennon, the glory
showed up?
I don't want to be
disrespectful, but you guys
have
to let the elevator go to the top.
As they're singing John Lennon and two
homosexuals are on the stage counting
the ball down, the glory showed up?
I don't know
about you, but maybe God will
show up with his Shekinah glory in
Times
Square with these two men singing,
drinking, and the Shekinah glory is
going to show up.
Is that what you all think is going
to happen?
You don't know him.
I feel sorry for you; I truly do.
There's no holiness, no
reverence. Do you understand who he is?
He's a holy God.
That's why I'm scared to even pray
without taking communion and looking
over
because the only way I know how to
get close to him is by communion.
It's because of a covenant that Jesus
died for me and he rose again and he
made a way for me. So I take communion
every single time to reverence and
honor him.
I love the pen idea and I will never
write a check again to my church or to
anybody that the Lord tells me to give
to without having a pen set apart for
him. I'm taking the idea from Billy
Burke. I told
Diana, "You're going to get a really
cool pen and it will only be for
writing;
you will never touch it again other than
for Jesus."This will be
a check-writing pen for Jesus.
I loved it. We can put it in a sleeve
and
do something special with it. It
doesn't
have to be some high-dollar pen
with diamonds on it; it's just something
for Jesus.
So we plead the blood
and we take this body right now in the
name of Jesus.
Father, we thank you, Lord. No matter
how much they try to attack us,
how much witchcraft tries to come
against us, or how much the devil
tries
to throw his curveballs at us, the
greater one lives on the inside of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our
great nation tonight and over me and my
wife and my children. We thank you,
Father, for your relationship with us
as we apply the blood of Jesus over us.
Every tongue that rises against us, we
condemn it.
We believe in the precious blood of
Jesus Christ
and we lift it up before you, Father.
We thank you, Father, for your grace
and your mercy.
We thank you, Lord,
for the blood that covers every single
one of us, for we enter in by
the blood of the Lamb and by the word of
our testimony.
Thank you, Father,
that you're a holy God
and we find intimacy with you, and we
thank you for our friendship
with you,
for we are a friend of God.
Lord, we lift up the body
and we thank you that you're so
real to us,
what you did for us.
He cleansed
us and made us whole.
We take this body in
Jesus'name.
Lord, we plead the blood.
My
job is not to try to offend you;
I'm just real with y'all.
If you want intimacy, I try
my best. I'm not saying I have
everything perfect,
but he does visit.
The presence of the Lord
does fill my house,
so I feel like I'm on the right road.
I
may not always have it right,
and I'm not out here trying to
bust certain groups of people up.
I'm not trying to be mean;
I'm trying to tell you how to
get intimacy with the Father is to
repent and turn from your wicked ways.
You must follow him; you must repent;
you must humble yourself before a holy
God.
I just go with what the word says.
You may not like me; you say, "Well,
Brandon, you're too old
school,"but
I just want Jesus.
I don't
try to browbeat anybody. He
said, "Come just as you
are,"and
people get mad and they
click out and they leave.
I'm just trying to
help you,
but I'm telling you, a great shaking
is
coming
and many of you are in trouble.
So Father, we take the blood and we
apply the blood over us.
We thank you, Father,
for it's the blood that never loses its
power.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ
over our homes and over us in
Jesus'name.
We thank you, Father, that we
make much of the blood and the blood
makes much of us. We apply it
tonight over the visions of what you
want us to see and over what you want us to
hear. We pray
over our government and over what's
coming. We thank you, Father, for
the blood, for the
grace, and for your mercy.
We apply the blood all around our
house tonight and over us, Father, and
over any visions or anything you want to
show us in
Jesus'name.
Amen.
Hallelujah.
Father, I thank you for the blood.
Did that help you all at all?
Where the Father's at?
What he's saying?
It shook me;
the intimacy of the whole thing shook
me.
You could feel it
because
of where we are
in these end times.
He was talking about the
shaking that's about to take place
because they're not awake.
He said, "I don't have a
choice."People
didn't
hear—he
said many of you did not hear
about COVID before it came.
Many of you... he said COVID came and they
thought
it was like a thief in the
night, like most people. He said, "But
I warned the ones that
were
intimate with me way in
advance."He
said, "But COVID, what's
about to happen will make COVID look like a
walk in the park.
And many in the church
don't see it
because they think
they're right with the Lord, but they're
so far from me."He said, "They have a
stiff neck toward me and they think
they're right with me.
They walk around and they play
with the grace and
they play with things, and none of them
heard when COVID was coming."He said
it shook. None of them knew that
a major shaking was coming in 2018
or
2019, whenever all that was
getting ready to
happen. Everybody was caught off
guard and we were all locked down in our
houses. The preachers were
all like, "Well, what are we going to do
now? We're blowing on the virus.
COVID,
go!"What's
wrong with everybody?
That's what happened. We shut down the
church,
locked
it up tight, and
went
home. "It's okay, it's safe there. Drive-by church, drive-by baptism.
Line up as you
drive
by."But
nobody knew
it
was coming, but we're blowing on it.
It's flaky.
We have a bunch of radical charismatic
nuts.
Flaky Christians is what we had.
And guess what?
"We're all back in the same
place,"is
what the Lord said. "There's a remnant of
you that are
awake."But
he said,
"Brandon, guess what?
Another major event's about to
take place.
But I'm not telling
the ones that are not
intimate with me just like I did the
first
time."I
want you to hear that again. Did you
hear what he said
to me? A major event is about to take
place. And just like it happened with
COVID,
I didn't warn them all. I only
warned the ones that were intimate with
me,
and a major shaking is coming again.
He said, "Many of them don't even
know it.
But I will show you things and
you can tell them and hopefully their
hearts will hear, but I'm not going to
yell. If they don't want intimacy with
me,
then
fine."That's
why he said, "Fine.
But my heart is for them,
too."He
said they don't even realize what's
about to happen
again just like last time.
And I was scared for a lot of you.
He said, "I'm looking for a friend,
Brandon,
who is a friend of God, who wants
intimacy with
God."Did
you take communion?
He's your friend.
I want to be a friend.
Help me, Father,
to be a friend,
to teach the people whatever I can do to
help.
And we say we will die trying.
Whatever it takes, Father, to bring the
people close to you and set them at your
feet to know that whenever he said,
"Come up higher
with the
fire."There's
a
difference between hearing down here in
the static.
It was like being in front of a TV with
all the
static
and then coming up higher and
sitting at his throne. There were layers
of intimacy,
but there's layers of hearing.
You can hear down here. But the
more you tune in your TV channel, the
static
on the bunny ears, the picture
gets better and better as you tune it
in.
And as you go up higher,
there's levels of glory in prayer.
Most people always stay down
here—the
chickens.
You're in the barnyard and you're
plucking around and the chicken feed
is
all over the ground. But he's
designed you to flap your wings and fly
like an eagle.
Every one of us
was
created in his image. We are joint
heirs
of Jesus Christ. We all have the
ability to sit at his throne.
But you have to fly like an eagle
to get there.
Go above the Christian
turbulence. Go above all this stuff.
I've been in
his throne room and there's layers of
it. I can look down over the earth
and I can hear it; I can
see the static down there.
I sit at his throne.
It's the most beautiful, peaceful place.
I say, "Oh,
Father."You
can pick
it up in the spirit.
There's a layer of
cloud bank, is what it looks like.
You pull up through there
and
you say,
"Oh, Father,
how are you doing today?
Holy Spirit, become so real to me.
Teach me intimacy.
Teach me how to
pray."Holy
Spirit, help me to penetrate the
veil, to get through it,
to get on the other side to pray the
Father's heart today. What is it on the
other side that is so beyond my human
comprehension—to
pray
out of the spirit,
to pray the Father's heart?
There's so much competitiveness in the church, so much
spiritual
competitiveness.
Every one of us has this special
place.
Your gift is different than mine,
but
if we all add our supply, many hands
make light work.
So I just try to really encourage you
to find your place and find your voice.
You may be the tuba, I may be the horn
or
the saxophone, but when
we play together we make a beautiful
symphony. It sounds like an orchestra.
It's a sound that
comes before the Father as we add our
supply. My heart was to stop doing
these
livestreams
so much.
I like to do pre-recorded videos
because they're more intimate,
and then Braden
can upload them.
But for whatever reason, he likes me to
do it live with y'all. Right now, you
get too distracted with the chat.
I want you to really
hear what I'm saying.
I
want Jesus to
become so real to you. Some of you are
babies and you don't know
that he has something so much more than
where you are. I have
something so much more in store and it's
right at the door.
You just have to come on in.
So, let's pray over the government
today. Let me get my stuff real quick;
I'll be right back. You
can just
talk to
him.
I'll be right back.
Okay,
don't leave yet. He's not
done.
Praying...
hey, you can see the deer now. I
picked out this background; I thought it
looked pretty.
It
has a mountain way back there, too.
Now you can see it. I wanted to
make the deer more visible. I like the
deer.
All right, now I had to pray.
Then he tries to
attack me and I say he is a loser.
I know my handles well.
Rose of Sharon. Thank you, Father. Cover
my mind in the blood. Thank
you, Lord. We take our authority.
I
plead the blood of Jesus over this house
right now.
I'm so thankful when Halloween is done.
Every single time I say, "Let it
go."All
these people are so ignorant,
doing things they don't know what
they're doing. They play
in the spirit realm and they
play with things that don't need to be
played with.
I hate that. One day out of the year I
say,
"Father, we thank you for the blood, the
precious blood of Jesus.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Oh,
precious
is the flow
that
makes me white as snow.
No other
fount
I know,
nothing but the blood of
Jesus."Nothing
but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Thank you for the blood.
I feel the anointing of the Holy
Ghost
hitting
my head. Glory to God.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Oh,
precious
is the flow
that makes me
white as snow.
No other
fount
I know;
nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Thank you for the blood, Lord.
Thank you that it never loses power.
There's power,
wonder-working
power in the
blood
of the Lamb.
There is power, wonder-working
power in the precious blood of the Lamb.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
We make much of the blood, Father. We
apply the blood and we thank you,
Father. We just come before your
throne boldly.
We thank you for the blood.
Oh, He's the Most High.
Most of you don't realize the
glory is here. To
walk in
the glory,
glory to your name, Father.
Oh, Father, we thank you.
He set us apart; He set
you apart. Oh,
great decisions, great change.
I see
the White House again
and there's green grass all around it.
There's green grass all around
the White
House, and the sky is blue,
clearly.
You say, 'Well, what does that have to
do with anything?'I don't know.
It's been so interesting the way He
keeps doing that, son. He does it
all day long. He's calling
out; I can hear it. And then He'll give
me words out of it.
We plead the blood over us. We plead the
blood. You don't
have to update me anymore. It's good.
I'll pray until He's done and then I'll
know. I've been at one hour.
I'll go another
thirty-some
minutes and we'll see where we're at.
Now let's just
do what He told us. Let's
focus in on the government not shutting
down
between the 24-hour period, praying into
the softness of the hearts of the
five. He said they need five, but I saw
seven.
We pray over it in the
name of Jesus over every plot, over
every plan of the wicked
to cause mass rioting in our nation
by
paid demonstrators.
We plead the blood
over our nation, over our cities,
especially Chicago. I see Chicago
highlighted before me.
We call peace over
Chicago.
We call peace
over Boston, over New York.
There's a place, an intimacy
that's different. There's a greater
place.
I see it. I'm there. I come up into that
throne room.
It's love,
for God is love.
It's not poking at the brothers. It's
not poking at your sister. It's
just love.
There's a place in God Satan dare not
go, and that's
intimacy. God is love.
And it's at that table of
love that's
prepared for me in the presence of all
my enemies.
It's the intimacy
of the Father.
He says, 'Take
a seat at my
feet,'for
to
crown
this day.
We abide in love.
We walk in
love with our brethren.
Love
never fails.
How do you know?
Lord, we thank you for the blood that
covers us.
We come up high. Oh, Father, we
thank you
for
the blood. We make much of the blood and
we make much of love. Love
never fails. God is love.
Now, Father, we thank
you for the love.
We thank you for the heart
that the people draw close to you
and have intimacy with you.
You have a lot of friends
today.
My heart is to make you
fully
happy today, Father, with
friends.
Trust is earned.
Intimacy with your beloved.
You know, I could just sit in that place,
Braden, right there—that peace that I
feel. I could just sit there
for hours and not say a thing.
Sometimes prayer doesn't need words.
It's an expression.
It's an atmosphere. Prayer is an avenue.
Prayer doesn't always need you jabbering.
Sometimes the greatest conversations
Diana
and I have are just holding hands,
not saying anything at all.
She doesn't have to say anything because I know what she's feeling. I don't have to say
anything
because she knows what
I'm saying, because there's
intimacy there.
I can just be in the
car with her and be quiet, but I know
she's
thinking about
me.
Father,
we love you.
We worship and adore you.
Thank you for being a friend to
us.
It's not
some cheesy song.
Who am I that you are mindful
of me,
that you hear me when I call?
You really are a friend of
God.
Thank you, Father, for our government.
I don't even feel to talk
about it, really. It's interesting;
I keep going back to this.
It goes back to the
Son.
If I could just sit with you a while,
I need you to hold me
moment by moment
till forever
passes by.
Father, there's so many people
with so many issues today.
You know what
they need before we even bring it up.
This whole thing with
the
government is very
concerning to our natural minds,
but all we need
are
those seven people.
I thank you, Father, that you're working
on
our behalf today.
We take the care out of our prayer
as we see our cities burning
in the spirit,
as I see people looting
stores
and
robbing from the rich,
as I see mass anarchy
in
the visions you show me.
The heaviness of that is
overwhelming,
but you're not moved by any of it.
You're at that place of peace,
and that's where I choose to be tonight.
Out of the concern about my president
having a massive stroke and aneurysm
and falling over dead
with all the stress and pressure
on him
at almost 80 years old.
All the things that try
to bog
us down
with our
health—all
we need is a touch. One
touch from Jesus will change our life
forever.
One intimate relation, one
moment,
and all this stuff can
be fixed.
You
just speak the word only,
Lord. It's like he said, 'I'm a man of authority and
you don't even have to come to my house; if
you just speak the word only,
my servant will be
healed.'If
you just speak that word, Lord,
because
there's so much drama,
it
brings peace to our circumstances
if you just speak the word.
So many people say, "I don't have enough
money to pay my bills this next month.
I don't have enough food.
I've
got to have my food stamps. I've got
to have the money from my
job."Speak
the word only. "I've worked
for the government and they haven't paid
me in a month. They haven't paid me in
five weeks."If you just speak the word
only, Lord,
you deal with it. If you could yank the
slack out of Pharaoh,
make him let the people go, and then you
hardened
his heart again just to deal with
him, you can deal with Chuck Schumer.
You can deal with Nancy Pelosi. You can
deal with Pelosis
and AOCs.
You can, Father, AOCs
and Nancy
Pelosis, Chuck Schumers, and
Trumps or whoever. They're
nothing compared to what you've dealt
with in the past.
You can bring the hardest of
hearts
and soften them and make them right.
You can change Alex Joneses. You
can fix them all.
Bring the loudest voices ever. You can
part the Red Sea for us, Father, where
you can make a way when there seems to
be no way. You say, "I don't even need
your job to provide for you, government
employee. I can bring it in
by the ravens.
I can bring you a sack of money from an
angel."There
are
a
million and one ways to get you
a million dollars.
There's a million and one ways for
God to provide for you.
Yet we try to limit him by our jobs. Our
jobs
are not our source. Our seed is
our source. Father, you are our source
and you provide seed for the
sower.
You said, "I've never seen the righteous
forsaken or their seed begging
bread."No
matter if you're a police officer,
FBI, or CIA, whatever your government
job—I
don't know who doesn't get their
paycheck, the FAA, our federal
workers—people
not getting their
paychecks for five weeks plus. That's a
long time not to get a check while working
hard for it, worried if you're going to
get it next. But Father, we take
our care out of our prayer and we thank
you, Father, for all our federal workers
working at the airports making us safe.
May
they not have any mishaps
from
people not showing up, some big plane
crash,
or somebody losing their life because of
hardened hearts. But
Father, are you hardening the hearts of
Pharaoh
with Chuck Schumer and these people
because the people of America have
turned their back on you?
Are these shakings to awaken your hand
like on Pharaoh?
Are we not seeing it
when we see the nation being humbled? I told you, you
said, "America will be
humbled."You
said many times, Brennan, "I'm
going to humble America.
They've stiffened their neck toward
me."How
many times have you said it? He even
said it today:
"Their hardened heart toward me. I've
blessed you, O America. I've blessed
you above all nations.
All
the prosperity and the blessing has been
on you. Yet you turned your back toward
me. You stiffened your neck up
toward me and your nose up toward
me."So
many of you, he said.
"I have favored you,
yet your heart is so
far."Well,
you say, "Well, we sing 'One Nation Under
God,'we
say all this stuff."But he
says, "Your heart is so far from me.
So much
compromise."It
echoed so
loud.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we as a
people, all 4,800 of us,
are
hungry.
We want intimacy with you.
So many of them want intimacy with the
Father. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
as they seek you, they'll find you. As
they knock, the door will be opened.
Father, become so real to
the ones that are on here tonight so
that
in the middle of the night they pray;
they're so thirsty, they're so hungry. For
you said those that hunger and thirst
will be filled. Father, I thank you, Lord,
for the infilling and the intimacy
of the Father today, that they
taste and see that the Lord is good.
For the Lord is good and his
mercy endures forever.
Lord,
we thank you that that
mercy endures forever.
Father, you protect every single
football game and sporting
event all around this world
and
the United States this weekend. Father,
as the kids are out doing what
they're doing—and Father, tomorrow
represents something that I do not
stand for at
all—I
ask you to become real to these
people.
They ignorantly celebrate
witchcraft.
A lot of them celebrate
Halloween and it is a satanic day.
What they do and what they represent is
all about Satanism.
A lot of them are ignorant to it.
But Father, I ask you to forgive our
nation for celebrating it. I ask you to
forgive our nation for being so stupid
and for celebrating
Halloween.
Father, we repent as a nation for
celebrating such a pagan, satanic day.
I'm sure it's grieving to you.
Father, we repent for celebrating as
the
church has celebrated. We repent,
Father, and I thank you, Lord, that we
draw nigh to you and we repent with the
blood of Jesus as you forgive us,
Father, for being so stupid.
We don't even acknowledge it; my
house would not even look at it.
Such a pagan, evil, satanic day. But
Father, this is the day the Lord has
made and we'll rejoice in it in my
household because we give you praise
every day. It doesn't matter what
it is; we're giving you glory,
honor, and praise.
We don't look to the devil at all. We
don't ever give him any kind of praise.
It's all about you, Jesus.
Your feet are always so welcome in this
house.
We always give you a place to come and
visit,
for you said you inhabit the praises of
your people. And Father, though the
enemy come at us one way, they'll
flee
before us seven. No matter what. Those
that speak against us, Father, I thank
you, Lord; we condemn the words that are
coming against us. We condemn the words
from witchcraft all the way down.
I condemn the words and they fall at my
feet. No weapon formed against me will
prosper. Every tongue that rises against
me, we condemn it. Father, every plot,
every plan, every strategy of the
wicked, Father, I thank you, Lord, that
your hand is upon me. You
protect my children, my wife, and our
finances. We call in the
finances from the north, the south, the
east, and the west.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
that the angels of the Lord are camped
around about us and
the financial angels go and get
the
finances that we need. You cause
everything we put our hands to to
prosper. We have
favor. Favor follows me every
day of my life. Favor, goodness, and
mercy follow me all the days of my life,
and I will dwell in the house of the
Lord forever.
Surely goodness and mercy will follow me
all the days of my life, and I will
dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
Thank you, Father.
Hallelujah. Well, this has been
different, hasn't it? But you see
the vein of it.
It's just exactly what he said in the
car.
He wants praise. He wants value.
He deserves friendship.
He deserves intimacy. He is
our Father.
Father,
we love you.
We praise you. We adore you.
We glorify
your name
in all the earth.
We
magnify
your name
in all the earth.
Thank you, Father.
Holy Spirit,
we love you.
We praise you. We
adore
you.
We glorify
your name in all the earth.
your name.
It's like he wants you just to search
your heart.
He knows what America needs.
He knows the finances and all what
everybody needs for their food stamps.
He knows what the next 24 hours hold.
This time tomorrow, he knows what
everybody needs.
Their government handouts for all of the
blessings that you get so
freely. There's a lot of you
that cost so many people so much in
taxes.
All the elderly that need their stuff
and they're freaking out going,
"How are we going to make it?"He knows
everything that you need in America.
We just take our time and we worship
you, Father, that you are our
provider. You are Jehovah Jireh. You will
provide for your people. No matter if
the government does it or not, God does
it. Do you understand? We don't trust
the US government. We trust Jesus.
Jesus is our source. Jesus will provide
for us. Do you believe that? You have to
believe it. Regardless if you get a
check from the government, some of you
are so upset about it. You say,
"Regardless if I get my stuff for
tomorrow or not, my father is
my source.
Forgive me for looking at the government
as my source. Father, we look at
you."All
the single moms out there that
are
struggling, they were
worried, "Oh, how are we going to
provide for Johnny tomorrow?"But my God
shall supply. Not my government, but my
God shall supply. I don't know how
you're going to do it, but God will
supply for me.
Father, I thank you, Lord. No matter
what it is, God, you've provided for me.
Thank you, Father.
We take our care out of our prayer. We
wash our care. We take that care out
of our prayer. Thank you, Father, that
November 1st is coming the day after
tomorrow. This time tomorrow,
it's almost October 31st
right now. Thank you, Father,
that we're almost to November
1st. Then we have Thanksgiving in America.
Then we have Christmas. There's all kinds
of fun holiday seasons. The beautiful
Christmas season is here. Thank you,
Father.
What a mighty God we serve!
And every plot, every plan, every
terrorist attack, Father,
is going to be averted. You have us
in your hand, Father,
protecting President Trump, watching
over us. Father, your mighty hand is not
short.
For you say, "Whatsoever a man sows, that
will he also reap."You provide for your
people.
And I believe, God, that what God has
promised, he's able also to perform it.
A great
and mighty provision
for us.
Thank you, Father.
See, it takes that out of there. You see
how it just takes that fear. Fear
has torment.
The "what
ifs"scream
the loudest. "What if this
happens? What if that
happens?"They
try to
yell at me all day long. I said, "What
if?"We
laugh about it.
It's Satan's greatest hits:
the "what
if"to
continue the torment. Fear has
torment. What are you going to do with it?
The "what
if."I
trust you. My God shall supply all my
needs according to your riches and
glory. To the mothers out there, because
I know there's a lot of mothers
out there that are freaking out right
now: what's going to happen tomorrow?
God's going to have it. He shall supply
all my needs. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that you're working on the heart of
Pharaoh, the Chuck Schumers right
now. You're changing things and you're
arranging things right now
as we speak. Father,
we ask in prayer. Father, I thank you
that you're changing the heart of Chuck
Schumer right now, Nancy Pelosi,
AOC,
whoever else, I don't know. But Father,
all we need is seven. And you work on
those seven, Father, right now. So we
lift up those seven before you right
now.
You said all you need is a
shoestring.
All we need is those seven right now to
vote and say we'll go the other way.
With all the pressure and all the plots
and the strategy of the wicked to try to
kill, steal, and destroy this nation, we
come against you in the name of Jesus.
And we say cease and desist in your
maneuvering against this nation. And we
will not have it; we will not take
the care of this.
We cast all our cares, all our
anxieties, all our worries, and all our fear
on you, Father. We cast it on you. We
say we don't want to take this anymore.
We have peace, Father, because you are
our great God, Jehovah. You will provide
everything we need. You will take care
of us, Father, and you are abundant
supply.
And we're not going to have rioting.
We're not going to have pillaging. We're
not going to have all that because we
plead the blood over our cities.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that people
get some common sense to them that
they're not going to pillage, they're
not going to riot, they're not going to
rob, they're not going to steal. They're
not going to do these things. Father, we
take authority over that in
Jesus'name
over our area. And we will have peace in
Jesus'name.
We pray healing and wholeness and
wellness over our nation. Father,
we will remain a sheep nation,
not a goat nation.
This nation will be one
nation under God, and we will continue
to stay there
as
we uphold the Constitution of the
United States of America.
We call the RINOs and these
people that are in office that
are set out just to destroy our country:
Father, they will be removed even
this time next year. Their days are
numbered. Father, they'll be
replaced with godly people
and we'll have a major red wave, all to
the glory of God.
Thank you, Father, for a red wave, a
supernatural provision through
whatever you want to use.
Father, you will take care of us
and it will be supernatural: everything
that you do with crypto, with gold, with
silver, or the housing, whatever it may
be. Father, we are provided for because
you're such a good God.
Do you believe that today? Father, I
pray over their marriages today. I thank
you, Father, that every single marriage
represented here
is strong, they get
along, and the strife between the
husband and wife is at peace. We call
peace over their marriages. We call
peace over their
sleep, that they sleep
soundly,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. They will
sleep good, restful, sound sleep in the
name of Jesus. And Father, I thank you,
Lord,
that what the devil has in store,
you've turned it around for good in
Jesus'name.
Everything the devil has done, Father,
you'll turn it for good in our favor in
Jesus'name.
For the fun has just begun
and we believe, Father, that
goodness and mercy is following us all
the days of our lives in the name of
Jesus. Everybody say, "Amen and
amen."Well,
it's almost two hours. I know that
was a different kind of video
today, but it's what the Father wanted
you to hear.
I pray it stirred you
to draw you
closer to him,
to have intimacy with the Father,
and that you would become a great
friend.
If you could do me a favor tonight,
if
you're new here and watching for
the first time: could you like the
video, could you subscribe, and could you
click the notification bell?
I want you to do all the things, but
first the Lord just said, "Brandon, no,
you got to have an altar
call."If
you've never accepted Jesus Christ as
your Lord and personal
savior—forgive
me, Father. He said, "Brandon, you must
have an altar call."I said,
"Yes."If
you've never accepted Jesus Christ as
your Lord and personal savior, if you're
here tonight and you've never asked
Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal
savior and you're watching this video
and you say, "Brandon, I don't even have
an intimate relationship with
the Lord."I don't even know what to do
to be intimate with the
Lord."Tonight's
your night. You're here,
you've watched this whole thing, and
you're hearing me talk about that, and
you're saying, "I want to be a friend of
God, but I'm not even a
born-again
Christian."I've
heard a lot about Him from
family members or whatever, but does He
know me? I don't know, but I want
you to know tonight if Jesus Christ
knows you.
The
only way you can know that is by
confessing Jesus Christ as your Lord and
personal savior and inviting Him into
your heart. Even if there's just one
of you
still watching right now and
you're saying, "Brandon, how do I become
saved? How do I accept Jesus? How do I
have a new
life?"well,
it's very simple. You just say
a simple little prayer. I'll lead you in
that prayer. You may be one
of those who had
intimacy with the Lord. You may have
been a Christian at one time, but you've
fallen away.
You've backslidden. You're
not doing right and you know you're not
living right. You're living in sin and
you're
on the highway to hell, and you don't
even care. But you're like, "Tonight I
want to make a change.
Tonight
I'm turning back and I'm coming back to
the Father. I want that intimacy and a
friendship with Him. Brandon, I don't
want to live this way
anymore."You're
right at that place of
desperation.
I know there's a lot of you
doing this because you were
a person on fire. You were
excited about church, but you're not
anymore. That's what I'm talking about.
A
preacher might have
offended you; some "Sister
Clipboard"is
over there and she's been mean to you,
and you're like, "I'm not going
to church anymore because that lady over
there was mean to me.
I'm out of here."But because you did
that, you walked away. You backslid.
You're back in the world and you're
going, "Man, I am lost. I need
help."Strung
out on drugs,
alcohol, gambling,
sex,
pornography—strung
out on so many things—and you're
going, "How do I get back having a
relationship with the Father?
I'm so lost. I've been feeling
self-harm,
might be suicidal,
whatever."You're
going, "Man, my relationship with
my girlfriend's bad. My relationship
with my boyfriend's bad. My marriage is
terrible. I don't even want to go home.
Right now I'm in the other room. I'm
not even sleeping in the same bed as my
spouse.
I'm so upset inside. I'm so broken
inside. My kids get on my nerves. I
don't even want to go home from
work."There
are
so many people with so many
issues right now. "I
can't stand my boss. I can't stand who I
work with.
I just need prayer.
Could somebody pray for
me?"We're
here tonight. We want to pray for
you. If I'm talking to you right now and
this is witnessing to you—you feel that
itching on the inside of you,
that stirring, that
butterfly feeling—that's the
Holy Spirit drawing you.
He is giving you an opportunity
right now to turn from
your sin and your
mistakes. Turn to have intimacy. "God,
I'm coming back to you. I want intimacy
with
you."Well,
maybe next time, Brandon.
You don't know if there's a next time.
I'll
be real with you. The very shoes you
put on tomorrow, or the very shoes
you might be taking off
tonight—you
may not have another
opportunity.
The undertaker might be taking them off.
He might be getting you ready for your
funeral. You don't know if you have
tomorrow, but today is the day of
salvation.
I want you to say this simple prayer
with me. Jesus died for
you publicly, and I want you to say
publicly if you accept Jesus Christ.
Right now, I want you to tell us, "I
want to be saved."Comment in the
comment section: "I want to be saved.
Tonight's my night. I'm coming home, and
I want to be a friend of God. I want
intimacy with the Father right
now."There
might just be a handful of you,
but I'll wait on you. I want you
to be bold about your decision tonight,
saying, "God, I'm coming home. I want
a
relationship with you. Forgive
me,"or,
"I want to be saved. I've never
accepted Jesus Christ."I want you to be
bold about it. We'll wait on you.
I don't know how many of you are out
there, but you might be watching right
now and you just feel lost.
But Braden, me, and my family want
to pray for you.
Whatever you have need of, we want to
pray for you. We want to love on you.
Jesus Christ loves you. Jesus Christ is
waiting for you, and He wants
to be your friend.
Make the decision right now to accept
Jesus Christ.
It may be your last opportunity.
Well, we're going to say this
prayer, and I want you to say this
prayer and mean it with
your whole heart. Say, "Jesus,
I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe that you died and rose
again on the third day.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
Forgive me.
I can't do this on my own.
I need you. I need a friend. I need you
to be my Father. I need you to
wash me. Cleanse me from all
unrighteousness.
I confess my sins before you, Lord.
And from this day forward, I turn my
back on the world. I turn my back on the
devil. I turn my back on the demons.
And I'll serve you, Jesus, with all my
heart.
I thank you, Lord, that you give me a
new start today.
I thank you that you wash me. I thank
you, Lord, that you made me new.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's
Book of Life.
From this day forward, I'll serve you
forevermore.
Thank you, Jesus. I believe I'm saved,
Lord. Amen and
amen."If
you said that prayer with me and you
meant it with your whole heart, I
believe you're saved. The Bible says
with heart confession is made unto
salvation.
It's not hard. We make it hard. But you
have to confess it and you have to
believe it, saying he is
your Lord and Savior.
And as you do that, I believe you're a
born-again
Christian.
Now you say, "What do I do now,
Brandon?"Well,
you find a
Bible-believing
church. I believe a
non-denominational
church—that's
personally what I would
do—and
I would get plugged in
there. Go to church
on Sundays and
Wednesdays; get plugged in.
Tell the pastor there, "I got
born again on a YouTube broadcast and I
need to be water-baptized.
Help me."And the pastor,
I guarantee you, will
help
you.
Get plugged in there. Find a
Bible. Read your Bible every day. Pray.
Come pray with us and start a new
life. This is the Christian walk. Now,
if you can't afford a Bible and you say,
"Braden,
I watched your broadcast.
I can't afford a Bible. I'm on
food stamps and I don't even know if
I'm getting food stamps tomorrow, but
I'm trusting the
Lord's going to take care of me.
What do I do? How do I get a
Bible?"well,
my wife and I will buy you your
first Bible. All you have to do is email
us at the address in the description down below. We
will
not solicit your email address.
We
will not bother you ever again. We just
want to celebrate your decision tonight.
There's an email down below.
Email that and put
in
the heading: "I got born again. I
would like to have my free
Bible."Just
give us your
address and your name,
and we'll send it to you from Amazon
just to be a blessing to you, just to
tell you congratulations on becoming a
new Christian. Thank you for joining
us, and we rejoice in your decision
tonight. My son says there were 49
salvations so far. We're so excited
for all 49 of you who gave your
hearts
to Jesus Christ. We
celebrate your decision. All glory to
Jesus.
Hallelujah! 49 newcomers,
please stick around and come pray with
us. We're excited you're here.
Tonight was a good night for you to get
saved. Any night is a good night
to come to
Jesus.
If you could like, subscribe,
and
comment something down below.
Braden says 50
new salvations tonight.
That's wonderful. I almost didn't give
an altar call. Shame on me; Lord,
forgive me for that. That's terrible. We
would have had 50 people
born again. 50 people gave their
hearts
to Jesus Christ tonight. Thank you,
Lord, for your mercy. He said,
'Brandon, you need to do this.'I'm so
glad he did. I was going to close it before
I
even had one.
He's such a good God. He knew 50 people
would come to Jesus tonight. Isn't that
wonderful? He's
ready to have a big
old party. He's
excited about your decision. He's going,
'Woo-hoo!'It's
exciting. Well,
like I said, it was a bit different
tonight, but I pray it blessed you. I
pray the Lord is
stirring in you. You feel stirred. You
want to have a relationship with
the
Father. He wants a friendship with you
so bad.
He said to me, 'I'm looking for a
friend.
I want a friend
tonight.'I
said,
'The creator of heaven and earth,
the creator of the universe, the
creator who created
everything is looking for a friend.
He wants an intimate relationship with
me and with you.
What is man that you are mindful of him?
Like David said, "What is
man?"He's
looking for intimacy. He wants a
friend. Be my Father's friend.
It's not religious;
it's intimacy. So many people are all
about
religion. No, I cannot stand
religion. I love Jesus. It's a
relationship.
Whatever
denomination you pick,
I want Jesus. I'm
non-denominational.
I
don't claim a denomination; I claim
Jesus. Help me, Father, to be more
intimate with you tonight.
Thank you, Father.
All glory. We give all of the glory to
Jesus
and tell of his
wonderful love.
Glory to God. Well, thank you for
joining us tonight. We pray it blessed
you and we'll see you again
tomorrow.
We've
got confetti!
They
got saved;
we've
got confetti!
It's a party.
Glory to God. We love you.
We'll see you again soon. Remember, put
a smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much, and we
love you. God bless you all. We'll see
you again soon. Bye-bye.